Hello Atlanta! Georgia, how are you all? I hope you're well. I know I am.
Oh, you did it! You came to the right place, ladies and gentlemen, please.
Harmon Town is now in session. Put your hands together for the mayor of Harmon Town, Dan Harmon!
Thank you. Thank you.
God bless you.
God bless your railroads. God bless your, your, your airlines.
God bless Coca-Cola. God bless AT&T Mobility.
We are, we are in a, we are in an, what's called an Alpha City, Jeff.
We're in a center of world commerce at Atlanta, Georgia.
This is a, this is a gigantic, like, global, it's, it's, it's been the nexus of, of American civilization and, and beyond.
I'm not being, it sounds like I'm being sarcastic, doesn't it?
If I were from here and someone started saying that, I'd go, what's this, a setup for like, he's going to take a piss on our faces?
No, I, I, I've been Wikipediaing you today.
As I do each city we go through, I do a little bit of research and I, I was stricken by the history and the, the fucking human pain and the, and triumph.
It's not funny.
You should laugh. We're in a comedy club.
I'm, I'm happy. I say somebody makes you laugh, but truly, like, what, it's a beautiful, beautiful, we're, we're, it's, it's the most historical city in the country.
I'm going to say that right now.
I'm not, I'm not an expert.
What are you basing that on?
Well, you know, you'd have to go like, well, what about Virginia, Dan? What about Washington DC?
Fuck politicians. This is a, the, the, the politics is not history. History is blood and humanity.
This play, Atlanta, like, out of, probably out of any city we'll be to on this tour, maybe out of any city in the country, certainly paid the price for the civil war conflict.
Like just sat here and got destroyed.
Like, like, like, like was just in the crossfire because it was at the center of all these railroads.
It was a strategic location for military operations.
So, you know, this guy, General Sherman, sounds like kind of a dick move.
Just, just because it was on its way to Savannah, right?
It's just decided Atlanta should be burnt literally to the ground.
Every scrap of it, except for hospitals and churches, quote, Wikipedia.
So that everyone can sit and go, dear God and, or heal my leg, my house is gone and everything.
But, but it goes beyond that because I think this is really, really, really interesting.
Like, like, I don't know where we'll go.
And I'm not, I'm not a historian, certainly not a civil war historian, but just reading about that.
I'm going, okay, so I bet this place got it the worst out of that whole conflict.
I bet the suffering was the worst here.
Like the biggest battles took place around here.
The crossfire was the worst here.
The place was burnt to the ground by, by, what's that?
Is this a rival for who got it worse?
Or is that, or is that like a wounded knee, like a Atlanta thing?
Okay, well, you know what?
Yes, I'm, yes, thank you.
I'm not.
Ken Burns, everybody.
Ken Burns is here.
Hey, I don't come to where you animate photos and tell you which keyframes to set.
I'm not, I'm not discouraging you calling something out.
I'm just, I'm just making sure you're maybe agreeing with me or disagreeing with me.
If you're disagreeing with me, shut up for a second.
Okay, but, but, but if you're agreeing with me, hallelujah.
But, but, but, but I thought the thing I was stricken by reading about it was, okay, so it just, the place was just raised by this, by this horrible bloody conflict.
And then the first to bounce back like gigantically and, and, and, and just became like the center of commerce again.
It's like constantly being punished for being this nexus of civilization.
And then also because it is a nexus of civilization, like not having the option of being, you know, fucked up.
Like you look at like Flint, Michigan and you go, oh shit, you know, we had an auto plant here and then it closed down.
That's why you're being raped right now.
We're, we're, we're in a city that was ordered to burnt down by a federal empire and then popped right back up again.
And like a game of whack-a-mole and became not only, not only, you know, not only a commercial empire, but, but also like at the forefront of the new south of progression.
And they, they, they coined this phrase, I don't know where it came from.
It was your, uh, Willie B. Hartzfield, what was that his name?
And there's your, your mayor from the forties to the sixties to the fifties when all that shit was going down.
Atlanta was this like pocket of fuck this shit.
Like, like let's, let's, let's make some money and build our houses and like, like do this stuff.
And the phrase too busy to hate got adopted.
That's sort of a slogan here.
I don't know if it's how much bullshit it is, but I caught my breath a little bit when I read that too busy to hate, too busy to hate.
They got too much shit to do.
There's too much reality happening here for them to engage in the idea that, that if you're a black person or white person or if you, you know, whatever you're, wherever you're leaning, it's, it's, there's too much shit to get done.
Too many railroads happening, too many planes coming in.
They got places to go, too much cargo to offload, you know, too much Coke to make, too much AT&T to mobilize.
Um, and now, and now they're also a media empire as well as a lot of stuff being shot here.
It's, it's, it's a little, and it's not, you know, there's no, there's no White House here and there's no, uh, it's, uh, but it's, it's, it's the cleavage of our country.
It's, it's just, it's like down deep, just take a sharpie pen and put it right in there.
You mean, you mean like the Rockies and the Appalachians would be like the titties?
Yeah, I didn't think that hard about it.
I, I was just trying to think of what, what it is, I didn't want to say vagina because that's like, it's, it's the womb.
It's the, it's the, it's a, it's a deep, dark, painful, joyful, creative vessel.
You were really busy on the internet in that bus ride today, man.
No, it's just the hotel lobby.
I went down, I had a kettle one and I pulled up Wikipedia and I said, what is Atlanta?
And I just, I'm in love.
We were in Texas, you probably heard me blowing them when we were, when we passed through.
But I'm not, I'm not, I didn't say, oh, Texas is great for any reasons I'd say Atlanta's great.
Like, like, like Texas, and I also didn't give a shit about Austin.
I was like, Texas, we're in Texas.
Let's talk about my infatuation with Texas.
And the cool thing is we get to spend some time here.
Actually, we were doing an early show because we have to get out of here because Bob Goldway's coming in and, and then.
It was awesome.
But we get to, we actually get to spend the, the evening and the night here and not have to get up.
Like I'm not getting on the bus at the crack of dawn or at four AM or whatever.
That's awesome.
Yeah, yeah, I probably have to write some scripts though.
I think I, I think it's like, I think Fox and CBS.
Do you have to write while you're on the road?
I have to write right now.
I have to, yeah, I, I should have a laptop out and going, fade in.
Natalie's, she's hot, but she's smart.
I'm feeling like very vulnerable over here because in the club tonight, I normally have a little iPad.
I have a little iPad and I play music and I put rap beats on so Dan can rap about fucking your mama.
And, and believe me, it's going to happen tonight.
As sure as the South will rise again.
No mama will be unfucked in this country.
And frankly, he will not give a damn.
And also, my iPad is up there in the booth and Dustin Marshall, our podcast recorders.
I'm going to have to call out audibles, like a sideline coach.
And I'm going to go like, beat number two.
So you're accustomed to a little more control.
And I thought that I'm traveling with Jeff and I'm getting to know him.
I've been friends with him for over 10 years.
You know, we've never been through this experience together.
And I, I really noticed a tangible difference today because I, I got off the bus and I went to my hotel room.
Like, like Jeff, he can't wear this suit all the time.
Like there are moments when he's like wearing just a sweater.
But he just looks like this.
And those are his vulnerable moments.
This is how he sleeps, wearing what I'm wearing.
For the podcast listeners, I'm dressed like Jerry Mathers in 1990.
Like when he, when they were maybe doing fucking around with a new Leave It To Beaver show.
I, I, I, I'm like a J crew, kind of, kind of, kind of casual.
I don't know that I've ever seen you in that.
This is how Jeff cuts his vegetables and dressed like me and sleeps.
And so we rolled to the town of Jeff was wearing his little sweater.
And he's like, we came to the venue to do the soundcheck.
And I know that I know this look in his eyes.
Like he's just focused in the, opens the door and he's just walking around.
I was like, Jeff's, Jeff's being snooty.
Like no one getting his way.
Let him, let him, what's, what's, what's happening.
Not snooty because I don't think anyone interacted with you.
But I could, I cut you a wide path when I see a certain look on your face.
And I was like, I think, what is it?
What is it? And then, and then I figured out, oh, he doesn't, he's not in his suit.
He needs to go back and get in his suit.
Here's a soundcheck.
I needed to shave.
You know, I'm of the, I'm of the feeling that like, I like Frank Sinatra, like,
he had rules that when you want, when you go on stage, you shave and you wear a suit.
So I, I, I, I'm the opposite.
We rolled into the hotel and I was, I was like, I'm going to go have a drink and then we'll go to the venue.
And Aaron said, you have to change your clothes.
You, you stink.
You, you look gross.
You look gross. Your pants are from a different era of, of, of body weight.
You look like you have a load in your, in your pants.
I go, you just, just she brought all this nice clothes, just changed.
And I said, I want to have a drink.
And I actually really said, and I wasn't being ironic.
I said, do you understand that I'm a baby?
And she, and she went, yes, I do.
I'm changing you.
And she made me put on this seafoam sweater and this, these navy blue pants and I feel great and all this stuff.
But I mean, meanwhile, in a different hotel room, you're going, my clothes give me my power.
So we're, we're opposites there.
I would have come out here in a diaper and I would have just pooped.
And I, I, if no one else had said anything, I wouldn't have known it was a bad thing.
I mean, it's obviously there's a live crowd before a podcast.
I'm surprised you don't just come out in a, in a bathrobe because like, didn't you?
I should, you used to show up at Paramount for community in a bathrobe, didn't you?
Yeah, yeah.
You used to show up at work in pajamas.
Like you were like one of those, who's the crazy brothers that made the matrix and the guy started just dressing like a crazy.
Yeah.
Yeah, I was kind of like a lazy, non-gender Wachowski brother.
I'm just looking at my Evernote notepad here.
My armpit smelled worse in Louisiana.
I wanted you guys to know that.
I don't know if that's to your credit, but I felt like it was.
Like I felt like the humidity level there.
Like I was something, but I don't think I could ever live in anywhere in Louisiana.
I, I, I caught a little bit of that walking past you and I was like, it was like kind of weird.
It was like a Coachella Burning Man kind of like, it's got to be a humidity thing.
Like there's certain chemicals in my armpits that don't evaporate in Louisiana quick enough.
So you're going to get a certain combination there.
That drug enforcement checkpoint.
What the fuck?
This is a created, what were we driving from Texas to Louisiana?
And there was this sign that said, drug enforcement checkpoint half mile.
So everyone freaks out cause shocker, we've got weed in the bus.
There's a reason we're not flying.
Like if we wanted to have to deal, what the fuck?
A fucking America for God's sake.
By the way, the irony is I haven't smoked any yet, but I'm just like, I'm going on a tour bus.
I'm taking my weed that I have, I have a prescription for.
I get a lot of anxiety and I live in the great state of California.
And I, and if you're out there and you want to ruin our life, go ahead and follow us and pull us over and ruin our life.
But, but, um, I, there's a drug enforcement checkpoint.
Oh, what's that?
We go and zip the pockets and rezip them.
And what are we supposed to do?
Alright, everyone hold your weed and wait until there's flashing lights and then we'll all flush it together and all this stuff.
And then nothing happens and nothing keeps happening.
And somebody gets on the internet and looks it up.
They put these signs up, they're like tricks.
Because obviously nothing could be more unconstitutional than a drug enforcement checkpoint.
But they put the signs up and anyone who gets off on the next exit, they follow.
It's like hipster profiling.
Like they figured out a new way to detect.
I think also they're looking for people that are ditching stuff out the window.
I feel like that, that just maybe is some enterprising drug addict who just put that sign up.
I mean, everybody's like, I need it, got it, need it, got it.
Yeah, well my, my, I stayed in a handicapped room in Louisiana.
This was weird.
There's, there's physically challenged people.
Those walls were thin.
We had, we keep getting adjacent rooms and I keep learning like a little bit about your like, you know, diurnal patterns and things like that.
Dan and Erin checked in right next to me in the wall was razor thin.
Tissue paper thin.
And I, and the first thing I hear them doing is Dan just going,
I was like, and we opened up a little doors.
We had the doors that opened up and like, are you, are you seeing Jurassic Park in there?
Yeah. Because it feels like, like when you get off a tour bus you're like, you know.
You're like, you know, it's very constrictive and like you say everywhere you go like there doesn't need to be dinosaurs there for it to
Feel majestic
I don't know I feel John Williams II when I get off of a vehicle and I feel like I'm looking at a
brontosaurus
Handicap it said a handicap room and then there was a button. I don't know if I hope there's somebody in the room that is
Physically, I don't know what the latest phrase is but physically challenged that knows what it means when you have a
Handicap room and there's a like a doorbell button outside the hotel room and it says press it hold for five seconds
What happens then can handicap people just rob me like?
Look if you if you they don't need a key, they're not that special
They don't get to just rob. They're like a handrail in your shower with a special no
There was nothing the only thing and this is on them not me. I'm like the air conditioner didn't work
So the joke becomes obvious like oh, it's a handicap room
That's not my fault that they that they did that this guy's getting up to leave because
He's walking at least well
He's walking to his his crutches and he's gonna throw one at me
I I know it's here. Nothing again. Obviously. I'm nothing but an advocate of of anyone that
Wants to feel special about anything. Should we bring Spencer up here to have oh, yeah
Yeah, let's get Spencer up because we're our time we gotta we gotta do a bullet train Harmontown
For those of you who do not know Spencer. He's our dungeon master extraordinaire. Welcome dungeon master
Spencer
He has his own musical theme
How's it going oh Mike Mike Mike, how's it going?
We can't get a mic stand for Spencer. He's got to roll dice and I don't need a mic stand
Oh, he can use mine. I'll go I'll go I'll go El Fresco. I guess I need a mic stand
So Spencer, how have you been enjoying your trip so far? I've been enjoying my trip so far
He's very good. I doubt there's anyone here who doesn't listen to the podcast but
And I don't think there's anything we can do to make you enjoy the show if you're if you've if you've stumbled in here going
I want to see some comedy
But just to
Refresh you Spencer is our dungeon master from
We asked if there was a dungeon master in the audience in Los Angeles his hand shot up
And a friendship was born and now he's on the tour bus with us
And we're learning all kinds of things about him and the other shoes not dropping you keep you keep waiting to find out that he
You know always like hangs his underwear at his
I'm a little worried because I sleep like a like a beautiful little angel baby on those tour buses
And I think everyone else has too but every time I come out to the to the front area
You're you're wide awake. You're having trouble sleeping on that button. Yeah, and every time you're sleeping. I'm just standing there
A lot of the documentary footage is going to be night vision of you
Just a spencer cam
Sleep
That's right Jeff
No, we had a lovely little moment that was documented. I believe in some sort of uh video footage and uh
In some pictures where he taught me how to play. He actually took me through my character sheet
Which I've never really bothered to learn about and for his trouble. I told I taught him a few chords on the ukulele. Yeah, it's beautiful
It's great. What's happening? It's great
It's a lot like the city of Atlanta this relationship
It just keeps building itself up and then randomly being burnt down by things
I did I tell you Jeff that again in uh 1917 Atlanta was just caught fire just out of sense memory. Uh,
It's just a sad city that just
We should be burnt
And they just burnt to the ground again and they built it up again. What were the circumstances of that?
I died. I thought someone someone dropped up
All right, that's it we should we should we should journey there
Um, we also here's the most progressive thing about Atlanta their first race riot 1906
Now that's thinking ahead
That's some that's a way before it was cool. Yeah
I mean, you don't even need to have a race riot back that it was like you could just have races
It's just being oppressed and stuff and they had a full-blown riot 1906 like a bunch of people died
This is this is a this is the this is a future city. They're always they're always looking down the road
Um, I think it's the longest you've gone on a Harmontown show without fucking somebody's mother. I don't want to force it, but uh
Fuck fuck okay general Sherman's my name. Okay. All right. Yeah, we have we have we have a couple new beats. Dustin. Let's tell you what
You what? Oh good. Oh, you know the chorus
What's your name?
Deanna, okay. We'll bring you up in a bit deanna
Oh, yeah, uh, that's a very fantastic. Let's bring her up now because we're gonna do a reader's digest
We're we're should we shouldn't we take this?
I could just uh, she could share my mic. Oh my god. Oh because because oh, okay
All right, he just brings out a giant banana
There's a pencil
This is a great room by the way, I'm sure I'm sure some of you come here all the time
This is obviously like a comedy mecca. Yeah, it's cool. I like it a lot. It's really cool
People are seem very proud of being here. I got a lot of cities do Austin's very proud of being Austin
But like like people I know that are from Atlanta like they they're really proud to be from here
Then that they should be I I tell it's it's it's it's
I mean on paper. It's not I haven't watched around and touched any of the fountains, but
From what I've read they should be all right. Dustin pick one of the new we got two new beats for you
Are
Uh
Yeah, you're gonna need the handicap room
Yeah, do you like that one?
Well, it doesn't all right. Well, this is just a warm-up. We won't use the ante yet. No, this is fucking Sherman's mama
Oh, okay. Did you like that beat? Do you want to try the other one too? I don't know. Well, I don't like general Sherman
So fuck, you know, let's let's let's give him a shitty beat
Yo yo yo yo yo
Yo yo yo
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm general Sherman from the union army. My butt is full of peanut butter. It's swarmy
I don't like my mom. I fuck her. I'm a big doodoo head. I'm a asshole
I belong to a machine an empire that does what it pleases to me
Stupid I'm trying to get historical. I'm general Sherman. I'm retarded coal
Wait, I thought you were I thought you were
Just general general Sherman wrote that rap badly
He doesn't know what he's doing
Hey, he's just he just burns shit down when he when it's in the way
He's an asshole. Oh, so that wasn't you fucking Sherman's mom. That was sure. That wasn't me fucking up a rap either
That was that was that was that was I did that artistically like like like that was a meta commentary on what Sherman's rap would be like
It would be a disaster. He it would be uncoordinated and brutal and and and and the word retarded would be in it
Because he's an insensitive fucking
Like loud like like like like decking himself in in metals. He didn't earn. He got a butt full of peanut butter
He's swarmy swarmy
I assume there's like ants are coming because of the peanut butter. I don't know
Well, all I know is fuck you general Sherman. Where was he from? Is it a town we're going to on the tour?
I don't know Ken Burns from Pittsburgh
Huh, does it anyone know where we're Sherman from?
Yeah
We just know he's not from Chutes Tooth Mountain
Tennessee Mountain
Tennessee, Tennessee
It's right on the Tennessee Arkansas border. What was it Kenesaw?
Kenesaw what happened there? What happened?
Oh
And you just like a brewing rocks and the bullets were faster because it was downhill
You guys should just should have just stayed on the mountain
I bet yeah, I'm from Los Angeles. Like we didn't get a whole lot of civil war history stuff in our
No, it's just like uh Frank Sinatra date rape someone there
There's the the battle of the four doors to Dan
She wanted to get out he kept she she kept saying no but not quite no and then back then it didn't work and it's like
Yeah, you know and then Sammy said something but then
Uh, yeah, not a lot of history there just a lot of a lot a lot a lot of disney disney disney uh
Places where disney ate
Edit it out. All right
Uh, well, we're over here. Oh, oh, oh, oh, okay, uh, what are we looking at time-wise?
Why is it going to...
Four, thirty-six.
Five, thirty-six.
He's not the time master.
Six, thirty-six.
Spencer, could you be the voice of the skeleton crotch above me?
Every time I go to the skeleton crotch,
for those of you listening in podcast land,
one of the cool things about the room is that there is a full human skeleton
poised the crow-style above my head with its pelvis directly above my scalp.
I'm about to take a calcified shit all over you.
What do you think about tonight's gig, skeleton crotch?
You look like you're dying, and I'm dead.
I'm getting heckled by the skeleton crotch.
He's jealous of your flesh.
Yeah, it's five thirty-seven.
Alright, alright.
So, like, anything else to talk about that I haven't already looked up on my phone?
I tried to...
We got our angry bus driver, we got the drug enforcement,
we got my armpit Simone Worson Louisiana.
We have to get our bus driver on the stage at some point.
I want to start creating a constitution for Harmontown.
There's a discussion of this on the Harmontown Forum,
and I think that it has to be based on the rule that everybody gets to do whatever they want,
which I think is kind of a...
It could theoretically end there because the only exception of that would be if you doing whatever you want
gets in the way of someone else doing whatever they want.
So, for instance, if I want to punch you in the face,
but you don't want to get punched in the face, then we have a complication there.
So, then that's where my brain kind of locks up because I'm not a politician and I don't really...
We have to...
Fight to the death?
Any time there's a conflict.
Tina Turner from Thunderdom is in the back of the river.
But if he didn't want to get punched in the face,
then all I have to do is come up to him, punch him in the face,
and then he goes, I didn't want that, and I go, well, fight to the death.
That doesn't seem like a nerd's paradise.
That seems like my middle school.
It seems like exactly how that worked.
There has to be some kind of...
We'll figure it out.
We don't have to figure out here in Atlanta,
although I can't think of a better place to figure it out.
This is a society that...
We were in a place called Phoenix,
but this is literally a...
Not literally.
This is truly like if there was a city that should be called Phoenix,
like, come on, it keeps burning down and they keep...
So last time was 1907? Or 17?
17.
So you guys are due?
Over two.
You guys are late. You're late on a burn down.
Not funny to them. Not funny to them.
Lots of grandparents died.
The Sherman thing is still pretty fresh, too.
It's an open wound here.
Well...
Yeah.
Yeah, and also, it's like the Civil War.
It's like, well, if you're... I'm sure there's a lot of complicated feelings about it
because if you live down this way,
way down south of the Chattahoochee,
it gets politically hotter than a Hoochee-Coochee.
Rap beat.
Rap beat number two.
Yo, Southern Rap.
It's a hotbed of political intrigue.
I fucked your mama like her name was Cheryl T.
I fucked her in a bed on TV.
I fucked your mama with the face of my knee.
I went like this. I went like that.
I put on my coat. I chipped my hat.
I said, madam, Southern hospitality.
That fucked your mama. That's reality.
I walked out the door. I said, fuck it.
I fucked your mama. I put her in a bucket.
I took the bucket. I threw it to the moon.
I said, so long, bitch. Maybe I'll see you soon.
Then I went back up there and saw her again.
I fucked your mama eight times. Then fucked her ten.
I talked...
Atlanta. Atlanta.
I fucked your mama.
Glass of Fanta.
Coca-Cola. A-T-N-T.
Railroad Town.
Race Riots.
Home Depot.
Home Depot. Delta Airlines.
Delta, Delta Airlines.
UPS. UPS.
I'm not rhyming. I'm just...
Yeah, thank you. Yeah, thank you.
Yeah.
I mean, I've never been prouder.
Not only is that just good stuff.
It's just top grade entertainment, what you just did right there.
I just have to put myself in the shoes of somebody
that's only heard this on the podcast.
Not having seen you do it in a little seafoam green sweater.
In your little J-Crew pants.
Do your little bit toddler dance.
You really are a baby.
You sing about Pee-Pee's and Poo-Poo's.
And my desire to fuck your mama
was really just a desire to get back inside the womb.
That's the last thing you did was be inside a pussy.
But that's what humanity is trying to do.
You saw 2001, it ends with the...
I never got that, although I saw it when I was like...
No, it's like man is evolving, you know?
Then we create robots, robots turn on us,
but then we become something different.
We become a space baby.
The monolith represents the kind of like plot points
of civil humanity, like the apes are...
They touch it and then one of them figures out,
oh, I can use this femur bone to beat another ape.
And then it throws it in the air, it becomes a space station.
Because everything that happened in between is meaningless.
It's all just beating each other with femur bones.
And then we're on the space station, it's as far as we get.
And then machines gain sentience and start murdering
with their femur bone, i.e. airlock doors.
And we move on and we become...
You know, it's a thankless job being sentient.
It continues.
I'm getting applause from the...
From Kennesaw Mountain guy.
Ken Burns signed off on that synomphus.
He loves Kubrick.
So you like Kennesaw and Kubrick?
Kennesaw and Kubrick and a flip-flop margarita.
I'm Jimmy Buffett, hanging out.
Pleased to meet you, senorita.
What do you think about Jimmy Buffett?
I don't know.
Yeah, he makes my fucking skin fall.
I know his flip-flops are too fragile.
Oh yeah, because he's stepping on a pop-top.
Yeah, if you can't step on a pop-top and blow it out of a flip-flop, you're an asshole.
You're gonna get better flip-flops and don't burden the listener.
I've got a problem about the plot point that the big crisis is that he's lost a salt shaker.
Because they're everywhere.
You can get salt.
He's lazy, he's hanging out.
This isn't ancient Greece.
We have to carry Brian in a sack.
It was the 70s we were hanging out, right?
Yeah, he blows.
Thank you, sir. Thank you.
I don't think you're gonna find a lot of people sticking up for Jimmy Buffett.
I think the only voice you'll hear sticking up for Jimmy Buffett is like a laminated menu.
It won't be a human being, it'll just be a menu.
Like a fictional guy named MJ McFunn and Hannah.
Do you think we could use our country rift to see if you could try to outdo a Jimmy Buffett lyric?
Just off the top of your head?
I can do anything here. I'm in Atlanta.
This is the city that invented rebirth.
Well, I'm proud to be from a city where your mama has big titties.
Sorry, sorry, sorry.
That's all right.
I can't say city.
I'm sorry.
Let's start it one more time.
I'm gonna, I'm gonna do, I'm gonna do a song about the history of Atlanta.
He's taking out his giant phone.
Well choo-choo, railroad town.
Atlanta's going down in the heart of the south where the freight trains come through.
And I'll tell you one thing, brother.
I'd rather have another Northern Army come on through.
Did I wrap through with through?
I can't, I can't write that.
Sorry, Ryan Scheme was all fucked up.
I take back the Jimmy Buffett comics.
I'm not a country, country guy.
And I don't think Jimmy Buffett is either.
And we're wasting their time.
And Bobcat Goldthwaite is outside the door going like...
I don't, I don't understand.
I have to do a mic check.
Deanna was it?
You wanna come join us on stage?
Yeah, Deanna.
Rubbermaid!
That's Lou on the left.
That's another corporate headquarters that's, yeah.
Rubbermaid.
Fuck Nike.
Is Nike here?
Oh Adidas.
Adult swims here.
My friends from Adult Swim.
My good friend, Ted Turner, who I hang out with all the time.
Started a media empire here.
And the home star runner guys are here.
Oh yeah, yeah, the Chapman brothers.
You guys...
Hello Deanna, do you have a microphone?
Spencer, Spencer, will you share?
Thank you, Spencer.
Well now we're just...
Cuddle up with Spencer over there, Deanna.
How do you say we practice one and then we play a little DVD?
For those of you who haven't been listening, we've been podcasting daily
and we've kind of put a little theme song together
that we're, you know, kind of, you know...
We're building it.
...growing as we go from town to town.
We have a chorus that's come on down to Harmontown.
Turn your frown upside down.
P is yellow, poop is brown.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Dustin, would you play for us?
We'll get one out of the way that way because we need it.
And then we'll, yeah, we'll play a little DVD and then we'll...
Oh yeah.
Okay.
Yeah, it's happening, Spencer.
It's happening.
Deanna, you're going to wake up tonight with a night vision,
Spencer, looming over your bed.
All right, take it away, Deanna.
See what you know here. See if you got it.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Turn that frown upside down.
P is yellow, poop is brown.
So come on down to Harmontown.
Yo, placeholder rap.
I'm just practicing this.
It doesn't matter if it's crap,
but usually a high quality rapper.
I do all kinds of things.
You wouldn't believe it.
Rapper, rapper.
I'm rapping some more.
More placeholders.
It doesn't matter what I do.
Just rapping.
I'll do a good one later.
Phoning it in because Q and U.
Come on down to Harmontown.
I don't even know if you're in that frown upside down.
P is yellow, poop is brown.
So come on down to Harmontown.
We got that. We got that. Cool.
That's Deanna, everybody.
Fantastic.
So far, we've found a sexy young lady,
every city, to come up and be our ditto
to our ersatz Eminem.
Is there anybody that got overlooked?
We have room on one mic for probably
two vocal champions.
Is it a guy?
He's pointing at his girlfriend.
Come on on the stage. Get up here.
What's your name?
Jackie? Are you drunk?
You almost took a spill there.
It's a tough stare.
You got crazy Herman Masters on.
Don't lash out.
Those people had their city burnt twice.
Yeah, because everyone's fucked up.
That's been hard for me.
Jackie, was it? Hello, Jackie. Nice to have you here.
Alright.
Jackie, what's your deal?
Jackie, are you born and raised in Atlanta?
I was, am.
You were an am. And what do you do?
I'm a musician.
Really? What do you play?
Piano.
I often have a piano on stage.
Everywhere we go, our crowd is much more intelligent
than your average Bobby Lee crowd, I would say.
So we do want to say, if you're listening in Nashville
when we come there, hey, bring your guitar.
Bring your bugle. Bring an upright piano.
Bring your little electronic piano.
Let's have a drum circle in Nashville.
Alright, so now we brought her all the way up from the back.
We still have to play D&D.
Well, maybe, Spencer, can we have a Greek chorus?
Is it hard to edit?
Yeah.
Alright, now, I'll do the awkward thing.
What was your name?
Jackie.
Okay, Jackie, when we finish playing D&D,
can you come back up and could you and Deanna
like relax and have an Atlanta gimlet?
I'm saying sit down.
I'm sorry.
So that you're not standing up here when we're playing D&D.
We're making up the show as we go.
Thank you, Jackie and Deanna.
We'll bring you up in a second.
We'll bring you back up in a while.
Careful.
What we lack in coordination, we make up for in spirit.
And courtesy. We're very polite about that.
Alright, so Spencer, if you would, keep us up to date
on where we are on our campaign.
When we last met, our heroes had just finished
destroying a grip of constructs in what they discovered
to be a long destroyed ruins of a town.
Mulraine was out of sorts and excused himself.
It was just then that Sharpie tripped over an old chart book.
Within the covers of the book, Mulraine's dark past
opened before them.
Once a female and a mother of five,
the arranger awoke to discover her children
perish in a blaze.
Her mind broken, she sought out a nude identity.
Happening upon a cursed belt of gender switching,
the grief-stricken Mulraine took on a new,
more masculine role and buried his past with his children.
Needless to say, Sharpie and Quark were a bit surprised,
but being victims of xenophobia as well,
decided to accept their strange friend's stranger past.
The group headed west towards the barbarian encampment,
hoping that Mango's barbarians could hold up
against the dark's fleet.
Alright, yeah.
Because of the limited microphones,
we should have Erin McGathy come up and play her character
really quickly and then make up a reasonable leave.
Is Erin here?
Erin?
Come on on, Erin McGathy.
Erin is selling merchandise.
She didn't knit them or anything.
She had all the T-shirts.
She's been the merchandise czar for the whole thing
and is like, merchandise maven.
Share a mic with me.
Sure.
I'll probably be out there afterwards.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Even though it's illegal.
So if you're a cop or your friend is a cop,
try to give us 20 minutes,
because if you buy something, we'll sign it out there,
like out those doors and you can buy shit out there too.
But we're kind of cramped here
and trying to do everything we can for everyone.
Just don't burn your city anymore.
Just calm down.
Alright, so...
So we're heading west toward the butchalot encampment.
Headed west?
Yes.
How long a journey is this?
Who knows?
Perhaps days, perhaps hours,
perhaps, you know, a certain amount of time.
Other than that.
I say we move as quickly as possible
because your father's in danger, Sharpie.
That reminds me, gentlemen,
I have something to do in a different area.
I may be trying to find a belt
to turn me back into a woman,
but I did reveal in our last installment
that I might have feelings for Sharpie.
I'm embarrassed.
Please try to forget what I said,
but I must depart.
So you're a man and you want to turn into a woman
so you can be with a guy that you love.
Ha-ha, adventure!
Alright, Erin McGathy.
Wait, we can do that?
We can just tell her to leave?
There's not a lot of mics up here.
Jeff's eyes just lit up.
You make your way back through the hilly butts expanse.
You hurry in the hopes of making it to camp in time.
As you get closer, you can hear the screams
and shouts of pitched battle.
The war cries of barbarians.
Sorry.
Reaching the crest of a foothill.
I can't do both things.
You can see Yellow Camp.
The grand yellow tent is splattered with blood.
A massive pit near the camp seems to be the locus of the warring forces.
Corpses of gnolls and humans lie strewn across the ground
and you can see destroyed cylinder constructs
ripped to shreds and lying in piles of metal cylinders.
You can see a massive line of at least 60 cylinders
pushing back the barbarians towards the rim of this massive pit.
Pit!
You recall this excavation site from before
when they discussed they were digging for something.
So there's a bunch of those cylinders that we fought
and they're pushing the barbarians towards the pit.
I get so confused.
I know, man.
Somebody on Twitter or Instagram told me
that maybe my flaming dagger is one of the shards, possibly.
I saw that conversation.
Are we been neglecting a shard the whole time?
Why don't we just do a quick check?
Shard check!
There's no such thing as that.
We take his emerald dagger and hold it near our shards
to see if there's some kind of similarity.
Just to make some guy on Twitter happy.
Like I said, I recently rented Temple of Doom
and they hold the rocks together, they glow, so...
We hold our shards together.
Nothing happens.
Shit.
All right.
Well, you hear that out there, Twitter guy?
Yeah.
Fuck you!
In your theories.
What do you have to say about that guy on Twitter, Skeleton Crotch?
Ghost fart.
All right.
So, you're looking at a fight.
Yeah, we're looking at a big fight.
Then apparently...
I mean, it was hard to kill three cylinders,
but there's a big line of them now.
Yeah.
Do I see my dad?
You don't.
You grow worried.
You're just standing.
I'm stumped, man, people.
I'm stumped.
I'm stumped, man, people are dying.
By the way, if anybody out there is a D&D fan
who knows what to do
and has any advice, please help us out.
Make a perception check.
Was that Ken Burns?
Ken-
I run towards the pit.
As you charge towards the fight, plumes of jet black smoke
plummet to the ground, waylaying you.
And they quickly coalesce into physical forms.
Two small mounds of yellowed flesh stand before you.
The creatures have humanoid heads and scrawny,
clomped limbs, but lack legs.
You recognize these as the very lowest beasts
of the hell, the pits of hell.
What's this beast called?
You don't know.
Oh.
You just see them sometimes.
Are they blocking my way to the pits?
They're blocking your way.
They slither towards you menacingly.
I, uh, power attack.
All right, uh, three, one to three.
Pick one.
One, two, three.
Three?
Nice, you got a critical hit.
Oh, yeah.
I'm not even, I'm not even getting the wool damage.
You slice through the lemur just as easily as it were butter.
It dissolves into black smoke.
Thank you.
I interrupt the cosmos to remind you to tip will,
who's, uh, who's, uh, serving you back there.
Oh, this is, this guy just came up and poured his booze.
This is fantastic.
I know, but yeah.
Thank you, Will.
That'll be all.
The other demon approaches Sharpie.
He swings a vicious claw, but you managed to dodge.
Oh, so today's my lucky day so far.
Yeah, all right.
Those hellish creatures were created by the cylinders?
You don't know.
They just came from the sky.
Is it, is it possible to take my small friend and throw him
onto one of the cylinders?
Like maybe you could ride on one and see, like, maybe it'll,
maybe it'll go, go back to the cylinder.
It's really insensitive, man.
What's your strength?
It says, um, a million now.
Nine, oh.
But he's small.
You managed to throw him a good 12 feet.
Whoa.
He doesn't land atop a cylinder, but he does hit it
in the side.
You can try and cling on if you'd like.
I, I, I, I cling to a cylinder.
Jeff, what's your climb check?
You know climb on the skills?
Climb on the skills.
We talked about it.
Hold up.
Climb is, I have a nine.
Awesome.
Oh, nice.
You cling to the cylinder.
Writing the cylinder, it goes to the pit.
Oh.
Just, now you can ride it back to the cylinder factory
and, I don't know, from what I know of movies,
like, it'll take you to some.
Why am I, why am I riding one of these cylinders?
Because you're just thrown onto one.
Are we, are we, we're still friends, right?
You're not so sure anymore.
Is it gnome tossing?
It's considered highly, like, highly, like, not PC.
I'm a little drunk.
OK.
Sharpie.
You can see the largest ship of the fleet
floating directly above the pit.
The cylindrical constructs float into the air
and avoid the barbarians.
They spin in a great torrent before descending into the pit.
Jeff, you're with these cylinders.
You're going into the pit.
Terrific.
As they lift out of the pit, you can see,
they seem to be floating something.
It's a large, dark, humanoid shape, a golem,
but larger than any golem you've ever seen.
It looks like it can easily level a city, such as Atlanta.
It's the flying ship fires off a mass of harpoons,
striking the golem squarely in the chest.
You hear the grinding of gears as the golem is slowly
being reeled in by the ship.
The cylindrical army starts to drift back towards the ship
with Jeff Abroad.
You can, like, try and jump off.
Can I grab a cylinder?
Yeah.
You aren't as good as jumping as you are throwing midgets,
but let's see.
Nah, you can't.
Sorry.
I jump off while the getting's good.
All right.
You jump off a good 30 feet.
Let's see if you can tumble.
I don't want to be sucked on the ship with a golem.
That's how you begin.
I mean, that's an adventure.
Oh, yeah?
Are you going to leave you behind?
Well, we'll be split up.
It's a fun movie.
That's like.
A plot and B plot.
Should I stay aboard the thing or whatever you want, ma'am?
Stay?
All right.
I latch onto that cylinder.
Star Wars, man.
Yeah, yeah.
The cylindrical army files into the great ship.
See you later.
I hope you knew what you were doing.
You're all alone now, hot shot.
I can't text Mulraine, right?
That doesn't exist yet.
So the cylinders are going up into the ship and.
Yeah.
That seems like a good.
This is a cliffhanger moment.
Good spot to stop in a show that has to be kind of.
What will happen?
Yeah, Spencer, your dungeon master.
If I can make a request.
I hate to put our fans and followers to work, but I would
love to see some artwork about what just happened there with
the ship and the golem with the harpoon and me holding onto
a big thermos.
This is going to a thing.
It's not the first cylinder you've clung to.
Gager.
By the power of homophobia.
I have the cheapness form of making fun of people for the
way they were born.
Kenesaw Mountain like that.
He's very erudite.
I have a picture going back to his apartment and there's a lot
of wood shelves and.
Hey, angry, angry.
Come up here.
Get up here.
I want some advice.
Let's meet.
Famous documentarian.
What is your actual name, sir?
It is Nathaniel Mets.
Nathaniel Mets.
Yes, I would expect nothing less.
Absolutely.
Are you starting to notice a similarity of archetypes from
these guys who are in Phoenix, but he looks a lot like
Tyler Dandy.
Yeah, there was a cat.
Yeah, there's kind of like a.
There's a big.
There's an Andy Dick ice tray that.
There's a little bit.
There's a variation, but it's not.
There's a.
I'm Andy Dick now.
You're the more clean cut intellectual.
Thank you.
I never was in biodome with Polly Shore, right?
No, no.
Nothing we know of.
You seem like a very well educated man.
Do you have a degree in something?
Well, the guy I work with is a very Civil War buff,
but you'll you pick up a few things.
Yeah, so you don't have a degree in anything.
No, I dropped out of college.
Yeah, what college you go to?
I went to the University of Georgia at first three years later.
I transferred to in Atlanta, Georgia State University.
Yeah, the lesser known Panthers.
Oh shit.
I forgot the Falcons had some kind of crazy game out there.
Yeah, they fucking did.
I wasn't going to bring it up because I don't I don't think of you as a sports fan and probably
most of us.
I'm not a sports fan nor am I.
But that game was insane.
It was almost as if they it was kind of an Atlanta moment.
They were they were it was all being taken from them and they rose back up.
We rose like the south, baby.
Yeah, this is.
Oh, is that what the flag say rise up?
Oh boy.
Wow.
You guys really hanging on to that shit.
They should.
I guess I would too.
I mean, it's I said earlier on our last one in Austin that my name is Jeff Davis and so
it's a very southern name.
And so I get free stuff from racist store clerks.
I don't know if I believe that story.
It's absolutely true, man.
It is absolutely true.
And then the cab driver when I was telling him about the racist guy that gave me the beer
turned off the meter when I said my name and he wouldn't charge me for it.
But it's just a common name.
It might as well be like John Jones or something.
And I wonder how Bobby Lee would do here.
I think Robert E. Lee probably do really good.
These funyons are on me.
Bobby Lee.
All right, Nathaniel.
I always bristle when I meet a Nathaniel because I feel like my name is some kind of working
man's Nathaniel.
We're rare though.
You got Nathaniel Hawthorne and that's about it.
Yeah, it's like an elitist Daniel.
I don't know.
You never you never were a Nate to your always Nathaniel.
Well, to people, you know better you are Nate because they get tired of the extra two
syllables.
What's the most important thing to take away historically from Atlanta?
Like what I've made some ham-handed efforts to try to personalize the city in terms of
reading about its history and Wikipedia.
But you've been here.
You have a history buff friend.
You have no degree.
You dropped out of college.
You're not afraid to pop off.
I've heard you're not afraid of politics yourself.
I don't know anything about them.
So it's easy to it's easy to not be afraid of things you don't understand.
But I mean, I don't know.
Is there anything that I haven't considered about Atlanta that you would like the podcast
listeners to know?
We're drifting through here.
I don't know.
What's my point?
The most important thing to know about Atlanta is we are an independent people that love
our liberty and we love our southern heritage.
No, apparently we have the Yankees, you know, Atlanteans in the house.
What did you say?
Are you speaking for yourself?
Bring her up on stage.
I think there's probably a lot of self-loathing that is required to happen here.
It's probably the most progressive of the, you know, I don't know.
It's kind of complicated.
It feels like one of those things you're not even allowed to talk about as a northerner
passing through.
It's like you guys really own the whole conflict in a way that just, it's not you guys.
You eat at McDonald's.
Is there a lot of racism still kind of visible?
No, no, there are not.
Did I see the guy in the sweater vest?
No racism that I've ever seen in Atlanta.
You probably have, no, no.
Are you cheering?
They're kind of rooting.
So there really is like the noticeable racism.
Like what form does it take?
What do you see?
It's against the whites.
It's against the whites?
Thank you.
Oh boy.
So you're saying they call that the much maligned reverse racism kind of thing?
No.
Now we've torn this audience in pieces.
I don't think that guy was speaking for their, that's what I'm saying.
It's complicated.
I think there's people that feel obligated to go fuck the whole thing.
I'm sorry.
It's like if you went to some neighborhood in Germany and you were making jokes about,
like it's like a joke to other people.
But then they're like, no, fuck that.
God damn it.
You don't understand.
I was raised taking that shit seriously.
And it's like, it's implagued with the scars of it on either side.
But Nathaniel seems to think that it's completely, it's done.
It's all over.
Well, yeah.
I think the beautiful thing about Atlanta, it's from what I've read, is that you actually
can find pockets where you couldn't believe that.
Because I'm telling you, maybe, I don't know, Wikipedia was in the business of bullshitting
everybody.
Absolutely.
But it was, this was the mecca of like the kind of the historical black college movement.
Like the civil rights kind of like were happening here before they were supposed to be happening
all around them.
And you know, there were people in different places cracking eggs in people's heads because
they were sitting in the wrong counter and all this shit.
And it was like, Atlanta was trying to get its shit together while trying to maintain
its identity.
It's got to be a very complicated place to have lived back then.
I don't know what my point is.
Fert!
Fert Break!
I have no idea.
What would be interesting would be to sit down and smoke a joint with somebody that lived
here and just like hear the whole thing.
And then you'd only be getting like one percent of the whole story.
Why don't we all, why don't we all just pick a place.
Let's all go smoke a joint.
I'll go hang out afterwards.
We'll get high and we'll talk about race.
Yeah, way to go.
Harmontown.
There should be, there should be a section of Harmontown where we colonize the moon.
There would just be a burrow where you can only talk about race.
Race town.
It'll just be called the racial historical district.
All the shops have to have a racial theme.
They could be racist, they could be anti-racist, but it's just like everything.
And that way it will reduce consciousness of race to like a gimmick.
Like, so it'll be like, hey, it's the race parade.
Yeah.
And it'll come through the other, but then, you know, the other sections will be, no,
we're too busy to hate.
Which is, uh, all right.
So Nathaniel, what the fuck?
No, hey, I only made a scene tonight because I would just want, this is Dan fucking Harmon.
And I have been paying attention to this man and Jeff Davis for six years with laser farts.
You don't even deserve to be in this war.
I, I can't tell you the, how important these two men are to my comedy life.
Yeah.
He's not a bad person for loving me.
Sometimes, sometimes he just loved me.
Yeah.
Hey, I've seen this Dan Harmon talk about how, how lonesome he is and how fat and obsessive
he is about himself.
Which makes me a God and a hero.
Thank you.
Yeah.
But you are looking more spelt than I've ever seen you.
You are a.
I'm fat.
No.
Yeah.
You are a wonderful human being.
Oh, Atlanta.
I have seen next to myself, this is the most naked man I've ever seen in my life.
I have seen his ass.
I've seen his pubis and the links.
His pubis?
Yeah.
Pubis.
That's right.
This educated individual has said pubis on the Harmontown.
All right.
Dan, show me pubis.
You know Atlanta used to be called Terminus.
That was its first name.
Yeah.
Who was at the intersection of a bunch of railroads.
The signal is the film based on.
It's kind of like pubis.
I'm going to exit myself.
All right.
Thank you.
Nice.
Yeah.
That's the Atlanta spirit.
That's called Southern hospitality.
None of that Adam Goldberg.
I'm not leaving kind of shit.
Thank you.
Let's thank Nathaniel.
Nathaniel Mets.
Yeah.
I'm on Facebook.
There's two different ones, but not.
Dan, I feel like we might have missed an opportunity for you and Nathaniel to wrap together.
I think it's certainly worth a try.
Yeah.
Nathaniel, you up for the challenge?
Absolutely.
Dustin, let's try one of the second new wrap off the email.
If you don't mind.
Well, when do we bring our Rihanna's up?
We'll bring them up in a bit.
Or do you want to do that?
Well, I don't know.
I don't know what time it is or what we're dealing with.
We're under an umbrella.
This is you guys.
Yeah.
I like this.
Yo.
Thank you for coming, my new friend.
I like to see you at the railroad's end here in Atlanta, deep in the south.
I fucked your mama in her pussy in her mouth.
I like to do things to her deep.
I like to fuck your mama.
She's for keeps.
I fucked her ass.
I fucked her face.
I fucked your mama regardless of her race.
Dan Hormann, how dare you.
You are such an undue.
How dare you come in my face and wrap about my mama in her place.
You need to go back to community and tell Chevy Chase to fuck off that stupid bitch.
This invitation, that bitch.
Yo.
Didn't come here by plane or car, but good to see you've lowered the bar of rapping.
You're now incredible.
Now anything I do makes you seem like Jay-Z.
I don't even have to rhyme.
I just have to take it easy.
Jay-Z rhymes with easy.
I'm Nathaniel.
I'm Dan Hormann.
I'm not from LA.
I'm originally from Minneapolis.
Oh.
Now I move.
No.
I move to LA.
Exposure is the best 101 show.
How dare they cancel it so quickly.
You are the greatest man that I've ever known in my life.
D&D isn't pathfinder.
We need to go.
Be a netminder.
The NHL just came to town.
They left.
This is terrible.
Oh.
He fucking Chris Rocked it.
Chris Rock might have dropped it.
Wow.
Probably the least earned mic drop in the history.
Or the most.
I've done some that were pretty unearned.
I think the only less earned one was just a guy working in inventory at the microphone store.
That was absolutely...
Let's tear this place apart.
That was pretty special.
We came on a little after five.
We're pushing our envelope.
We got a little bit of time on it.
I think we should because I'm very excited.
There's a couple of towns we're going to on this tour that I love and we're not going to get to spend any time in.
We actually have a full evening because we're doing an early show.
Let's all find me after the show and let's pick the best place to go eat and get fucked up.
Without breaking into a big place.
We're all going to take our shirts off, you guys.
The easiest thing would be to determine now that everyone's listening.
Is there a consensus on where we should go?
I knew that was going to happen.
We're going on to the Titty Bar. We have a winner.
Wait, what?
I think it's like the Jumbo's Clown Room of Atlanta.
It's a Titty Bar.
We're old women.
Really?
It's where strippers go to die.
I think strippers just get up in the morning to die.
They don't need to go to the Temple of Doom or anything like that.
This bring her out, gentlemen. She's got seven minutes to live.
She's chosen a vocation unapproved by society and yet profited on.
She's on two bottles of Perkiset. Let's get her out.
She's a victim of institutionalized sexism. Put your hands together for millennia.
Moussela!
Moussela.
What was yours?
Millennia.
Millennia!
She's a thousand tonight.
Make her feel special.
Her tits are underfoot.
One of the 10% of the strippers to live past her bra size.
Stupid. Edit it out.
Trying to connect dots, an idiot.
Seriously, where are we going? We're not going to a Titty Bar.
Some place where there's room for everybody to be...
I shouldn't have put it to the room. We'll never agree.
Oh, there's something. You're saying the vortex.
We should just stay here. It's easy, right?
We can't all get in someone's truck.
We'll certainly do that until people want me to sign stuff, not to be presumptuous.
I don't think anyone wants anything signed.
I'm from Wisconsin.
But if you buy anything, I think we'll scoot out that door.
And then maybe we'll hang out and have some drinks and we'll hang out.
Stupid.
Alright, so now...
Let's get the girls back up on stage.
Let's get Rihanna and Ditto back up here.
Dianna? What was it?
Dianna.
Dianna and Jackie.
How's it going?
It's so nice.
All I have to do is ask and girls come up and sing your song. It's so cool.
Well, the community audience was always like,
you get on YouTube and everybody that watched...
There was only two million people that watched it,
but all of them were better editors than everybody that watched everything else.
Pretty interesting.
I think I'm doomed to be a lightning rod for a bunch of geniuses.
So I'm going to do my farewell Atlanta rap,
and it's going to be fucking intense.
What'd you say?
SHarmontown.
Every time I try to work a suggestion into it, I just...
You're hamstringing yourself by putting too much stuff on you.
Just speak from the heart, man.
I got to just spit my fire, man.
Backstage in the green room, there's a list of rules of comedy by Bill Hicks,
the great late comic.
Was he from here?
No, he's from Texas.
And one of them was just like really just like,
just like close your eyes and say something and let it all rip.
But I broke the first rule on it, or the one he really goes off on.
The first thing I said is, how y'all doing?
And he hates when people do that.
And then Spencer came out and he said, how y'all doing?
And that's like when someone doesn't have an opening line,
I broke that rule right off the bat.
So, you know, I'd say just...
He'd forgive you, huh?
He'd forgive you.
Yeah, he probably would, yeah.
He's probably done it a million times himself.
That's how we knew not to do it.
All right, all right.
This is going to be the great rap.
I want you to dig deep then.
I want to dig deep.
I really like reveal something, even if it's not funny,
but then it's just sharing the, you know, like the whatever's going on.
Yo, yo.
Muscles and bones in my body.
I want to have some calamari.
It's deep fried squid.
I'm so sorry for everything I do, everything I did.
Order a plate of fried fish.
Make every woman make a wish,
and then either grant it or not give it to them.
Gonna do it, gonna white glue them with my sperm.
I'm so sorry.
I'm trying to learn.
Trying to learn how to rap from the heart.
Don't want to do nothing on this stage.
Don't want to lay a fart.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Turn that frown upside down.
P is yellow, poop is brown.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Yo, I feel Atlanta's mind.
I feel everything I was searching for.
I'm gonna find.
I see people in the crowd looking up at me.
Don't want to do anything.
Don't make them drink my pee.
Just want to go to your mama's house.
Fuck her pussy.
Sorry, sorry.
Sorry.
Just give me, let me get my bearings.
Hold on a second.
Dance it out, dance it out.
Get loose.
Get lover.
Railroad choo choo bop bop.
I want to do the chicken Atlanta walk.
Gonna go from the left and right.
The chicken wings.
Gonna do all the Atlanta, Georgia things.
I want to have the Falcons beat Seattle.
Gonna fuck your mama like she was a cattle.
Gonna milk all her udders.
Gonna apologize to all my sisters, brothers.
I want to tell you I had a good time.
So sorry, I can't rap.
Sorry, I can't rhyme.
I got to do easy dance like a baby.
I won't bite you.
I don't have rabies.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Turn that crown upside down.
Struggle.
When he's yellow to this ground.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Again.
Turn that crown upside down.
Strength.
When he's yellow to this ground.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Rude faggots.
Reach for my veggies.
I'm so sorry.
Hammer's got to call Sledgies.
I just decided that.
Sledgehammer.
An abbreviation for it would be Sledgy.
Doesn't matter.
Let's move on.
Go to Home Depot.
It's the store that you all know.
It's headquarters.
I'm in Atlanta.
I really respect you guys.
That's all that matters.
Give me a second.
I'm not fracking it.
I'm going to take a shit.
Just mime it.
Don't worry about it.
Wrap it on my face.
All over the place.
Feel my poop.
Feel my pee.
Feel me.
Reach for me.
Reach your hands up and try to touch me.
So the documentary looks like I did something cool.
I wish I could touch you.
I wish you could touch me.
Take it.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Rude faggots.
How do you get the feeling.
Hey is yellow poops this brown.
What's your name.
Daniel.
No it's not.
What's your name.
More like Kelly.
Hello, kids and girls, coming down from deep south with the paint and the scars
All the airplanes and the railroad cars, coming through one hub, coming through one place
Making stride for every human being and race, but you gonna rise up, prove everyone wrong
You gonna sing a motherfuckin' sing-harmon-song, gonna do that in this laughing skull
You gonna go outside and smoke a bowl, buy a t-shirt, on the sidewalk
I fucked your mama, she was a fried wok
Chinese food
Thank you all for coming to Hartman Town, everybody
Jackie, Dianne, Spencer, Erin McGathy, Nathaniel Metz
All of you lovely, beautiful people, let's all go out to the bar and enjoy ourselves, shall we?
Hang out
God bless you